So now, let's talk about S3 Access Logs.
So for audit purposes,
you may want to log all the access made
into your S3 buckets.
So that means that any request made
to your S3 bucket from any account,
whether or not it's authorized or denied,
is going to be logged as a file into another S3 bucket.
And that data then can be analyzed using data analysis tool
such as Amazon Athena.
Now, the target logging buckets must also be
in the same AWS region.
So how does that work?
Well, you're going to request against your S3 buckets,
and then you're going to enable the access logs.
So that's all the requests are being logged
into the logging buckets.
Now, there's a specific format to this logs,
and you can find it at this URL
to find the log formats.
Now, with access logs, there is a little bit of warning.
Never ever set your logging bucket to be the same
as the bucket you are monitoring,
because otherwise, it will create a logging loop
and it will be infinite
and your bucket will grow in size exponentially.
So what does that mean?
While you do put object,
but the app bucket and the logging bucket is the same.
So there will be a logging loop
and you will log that again and log that again
and log that again and you will pay a lot of money.
So do not try this at home.
Okay, that's it for S3 access logs.
I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.